--- video script ---

Slide (title): In this tutorial, we'll walk through how to edit an existing content item. We're going to edit the "Home" content item that we created in the tutorial "Creating a Content Item".

Slide (goal): By the end of this tutorial, you will have updated the hours of the "Home" page content item.

Slide (prereq): To follow along, you should have already gone through the tutorial "Creating a Content Item" and created a basic page called "Home" with the values specified in that lesson.

Demo:

1. In the Manage administrative menu, navigate to Content, which is the admin/content path.
2. If the content item you want to edit was updated or created recently, it should appear near the top of the content list on that page. If not, you can use the Content type, Title, or other filters to locate the content item.
3. Click Edit in the row of the content item you want to edit, which in our case is "Home". This will open the content editing form.
4. Update the opening hours in the Body field. Let's change the hours to 8:00 AM to 1:00 PM.
5. Check Create new revision in the box on the right, if it is not already checked, and enter a Revision log message explaining what changes you are making (for example, you might enter "Updated opening hours"). This text will appear in the revision log for the page. This will create a revision log that can help you and any other editors see what was changed. Creating a revision also makes it possible to revert to a previous revision or see exactly what was changed, when it was changed, and by whom.
6. Click Save and keep published to save your changes. This action will also save a new revision, since we checked the "Create new revision" checkbox.
7. You will be redirected back to the Content administrative page, and there should be a message showing that the content item was updated.
8. See the written tutorial for alternatives to locating and editing a content item.

Slide (recap): In this tutorial, we edited the "Home" page content item and updated the hours in the body field. We then saved a new published revision of this page. See the written tutorial for alternatives to locating and editing a content item.

Slide (CC): This work is a derivative of “Drupal 8 User Guide: 5.3 Editing a Content Item”  written and edited by members of the Drupal open-source community and is licensed under the CC BY-SA 2.0 license by Drupalize.Me.

https://www.drupal.org/docs/user_guide/en/content-edit.html
