--- video script ---

Slide (title): In this tutorial, we'll walk through how to assign authors to content.

Slide (goal): By the end of this tutorial you will understand how to Assign Vendor content items Happy Farm and Sweet Honey to the corresponding Vendor user accounts, so they can edit their own Vendor profiles on the site.

Slide (prereq): To follow along, you should understand the concept of users, roles. The vendor content type and at least 2 vendor content items must exist. Also user accounts for at least 2 vendors must exist. See the written version of this tutorial for links to the prerequisite tutorials.

Demo:

1. In the Manage administrative menu, navigate to Content, which is the admin/content path.
2. Find Vendor content item Happy Farm in the list. If it is not immediately visible, you can filter the list by Published status, Content type (Vendor), Title, or Language. Click Edit for the Vendor content item you would like to assign an author to.
3. Locate the information block and click Authoring information.
4. Start typing the Vendor’s user name Happy Farm in the Authored by field. The field lists matching user names. Select the Vendor’s user name from the list.
5. Click Save and keep published.
6. You will get a notification that the Vendor content item has been updated.
7. Follow these steps again to assign Vendor content item Sweet Honey to the Vendor user account Sweet Honey.

Slide (recap): In this tutorial, we walked through the steps of how to Assign Vendor content items Happy Farm and Sweet Honey to the corresponding Vendor user accounts, so they can edit their own Vendor profiles on the site. You can also refer to the written tutorial if you want to refresh your memory of the process.

Slide (CC): This work is a derivative of “Drupal 8 User Guide: 7.7 Assigning Authors to Content”  written and edited by members of the Drupal open-source community and is licensed under the CC BY-SA 2.0 license by Drupalize.Me.

https://www.drupal.org/docs/user_guide/en/user-content.html
