--- video script ---

Slide (title): In this tutorial, we'll walk through how to change a user’s roles.

Slide (goal): By the end of this tutorial you will understand how to Change or add roles to a given user, either by editing a single-user or by applying a bulk operation.

Slide (prereq): To follow along, you should understand the concept of users, roles, and permissions and the user account you want to update and the role you want it to have must exist on your site. See the written version of this tutorial for links to the prerequisite tutorials.

Demo:

1. In the Manage administrative menu, navigate to People, which is the admin/people path.
2. First, let's ensure that the user 1 account has the Administrator role assigned to it. The user 1 account on our site is called admin and as we can see, the administrator role is listed.
3. I've created a new user "amber" and I want to assign the administrator role to this user.
4. I can locate this user easily in this short list of users, but if I had a long list of users, I could use the name or email filter to find this user account.
5. Click Edit to update the user account.
6. On the Edit page, scroll down to Roles section. Check the Administrator role for the user account.
7. Click Save to update the user account. You should be returned to the People page and see a message saying that the changes have been saved.
8. We can also update roles using bulk editing.
7. I want to add the Vendor role to the Happy Farm user.
8. Check the checkbox next to the Happy Farm user then from the Action dropdown menu,
10. Select Add the Vendor role to the selected users from the Action select list.
11. Click Apply to selected items. You should see a message indicating that the desired changes were made.


Slide (recap): In this tutorial, we walked through the steps of how to Change or add roles to a given user, either by editing a single-user or by applying a bulk operation.

Slide (CC):  This work is a derivative of “Drupal 8 User Guide: 7.6 Changing a User’s Roles”  written and edited by members of the Drupal open-source community and is licensed under the CC BY-SA 2.0 license by Drupalize.Me.

https://www.drupal.org/docs/user_guide/en/user-roles.html
